Scientific Calculator App
A modern React web calculator suite featuring:

Advanced Calculator: Standard and advanced mathematical operations with expression history.

Matrix Calculator: Visual editing and calculation with dynamic matrices, including row/column add/remove, matrix operations, and "Store Result as Matrix".

Graphing Panel: Interactive graph plotter for single and dual functions, supporting 2D and 3D plots.

Formula Library: Searchable, filterable database of math, physics, engineering, and computer science formulas, including variable explanations, tags, and favorites.

Unit Conversion Sidebar: Built-in sidebar for conversions (see ConversionSidebar).

Features
General
Light and Dark Theme: User-selectable themes across all panels.

Responsive Layout: Works on desktop and tablet screens.

History System: All history is accessible and clickable to restore old results.

Keyboard Shortcuts: Many calculator actions are mapped for convenient keyboard use.

Matrix Calculator
Edit multiple matrices labeled A, B, C, … (dynamic creation/removal).

Add/remove rows and columns individually per matrix.

Perform operations:

Addition, subtraction, multiplication (A × B)

Transpose, inverse, determinant

Store Result as Matrix: Instantly add the output matrix as a new item for further calculations.

Numpad and direct input fully supported in grid cells.

Formula Library
Database of formulas organized by category and subcategory.

Powerful search over formula names, descriptions, and tags.

Filter by category, subcategory.

Quickly copy formula text.

Star/favorite formulas (persists session).

Mobile-friendly cards, variable explanations, color badges.

Graphing Panel
Plot mathematical functions, parametric equations, and surfaces.

Toggle between 2D/3D plot modes.

Dual function support (plot two functions together).

Change color scheme based on app theme.

Usage
Install dependencies
(Assuming a standard Create React App / Vite setup):

bash
npm install
Start the app

bash
npm start
Visit http://localhost:3000 (or your configured port).
